Adding cfy-cluster-manager page (#1503)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/install_maintain/installation/cfy-cluster-manager.md

---
layout: bt_wiki
title: Cloudify Cluster Manager
description: Using the Cloudify Cluster Manager Package 
category: Installation
draft: false
weight: 4
aliases:
  - /installation/installation-overview/
  - /installation/bootstrapping/
  - /installation/from-packages/
  - /installation/installing-manager/
---

# Cloudify Cluster Manager
The purpose of the Cloudify Cluster Manager package is to automate the procedure of installing a Cloudify
cluster on existing VMs. The following article will guide you through the different steps of 
easily installing a Cloudify cluster on either three or nine VMs.

## Installation 

### Choosing a cluster configuration
In order to use the cloudify-cluster-manager package you would have to prepare your cluster 

> environment in advance. The code supports all cloud providers and the following configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code Cloudify Cluster Manager package supports all cloud providers and the following configurations:
```

Please follow the [prerequisites and sizing guidelines on Cloudify documentation](https://docs.cloudify.co/latest/install_maintain/installation/prerequisites/#cloudify-cluster)
for further instructions.

---

**NOTE**

1. The code currently works only with CentOS or RHEL OS.
2. You may use a load-balancer in the cluster configuration, but it **won't** be installed 
as part of the cluster installation.

---

### Installing the package
You can run the code from one of the cluster's VMs, or from a different host in the 
cluster network. You can install the package either by using an RPM or by using `pip install`: 

#### Installing using an RPM
Run the following command:
```bash 
sudo yum install -y https://cloudify-release-eu.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/cloudify/cloudify-cluster-manager/0.0.1/ga-release/cloudify-cluster-manager-0.0.1-.dev1.el7.x86_64.rpm

# Installing haveged to avoid hanging executions
sudo yum install -y haveged 
sudo systemctl start haveged
```

#### Installing using pip install
```bash
pip install cloudify-cluster-manager

# Installing haveged to avoid hanging executions
sudo yum install -y haveged 
sudo systemctl start haveged
```

&nbsp;
## Usage

> There are three steps in running the code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the VMs are ready, using the Cloudify Cluster Manager package to build the cluster consists of three steps:
```
